## Endless cycle of see, feel, think, edit

Tis is an endless cycle of see, feel, think, edit, learn fuelled by a constant push and pull of different formats of expressions -- spreadsheet, coding in software or plain text, status updates, emails, blog posts, slide decks, journal articles, books, lectures, oral and video presentations. Each time we push to the world our ideas, we also receive feedbacks in the form of verbal responses (audio), written responses (in the form of letters to the editors in journals, status updates, messages, and emails). Then we process these responses and move into the edit mode when we can. This can result in responses, more posts, more write ups, more creation, or shutdown and retraction. 

Thinking of this continuous cycle of creation, output and the response-feedback, how much of it are integrated in our daily lives in the media we use? Some of it are visual and verbal. Thoughts and ideas can come in the form of abstract notions and concepts and cognitive proceses as we shower, or drive, or run, or walk, or just muse, or sit, or eat. But in most other situations, we write, or draw, or use a device. Yet the issue is that, most expression formats in the form of files or filetypes do not seem to play seamlessly one with the other and tend to be kpet in silos. For example, our oral presentations are not applicable to be read on paper unless as translations or transcriptions. On some situations such as on YouTube annotations and transcriptions, there is more than one mode of accessing them as in text format or audio format. Besides, in most situations, they are device and software dependent (for example, if you have an older version of a software a rich text format may not show or may not show well). 

The qustion is, what is the minimalist useful system? [Lifehacker](http://lifehacker.com/5943320/what-is-markdown-and-why-is-it-better-for-my-to-do-lists-and-notes) puts it, "The end goal is a minimalist writing system that you can use to get your thoughts down, and then export them elsewhere without worrying too much about the appearance". 